Here is what someone had to say:

      In the 1920s, thanks largely to David Hilbert, formalistic
      rigor came increasingly to be prized in some circles. I̲n̲ 1̲9̲3̲1̲
      i̲t̲ p̲r̲o̲v̲e̲d̲ i̲n̲s̲t̲r̲u̲m̲e̲n̲t̲a̲l̲ t̲o̲ t̲h̲e̲ p̲h̲i̲l̲o̲s̲o̲p̲h̲i̲c̲o̲-̲m̲a̲t̲h̲e̲m̲a̲t̲i̲c̲a̲l̲
      s̲e̲n̲s̲a̲t̲i̲o̲n̲ o̲f̲ t̲h̲e̲ a̲g̲e̲:̲ G̲Ö̲D̲E̲L̲'̲S̲ T̲H̲E̲O̲R̲E̲M̲.̲ Gödel's proof hinged on
      modeling the formalism of logic and arithmetic in arithmetic.
      The theorem could not even be conceived and conjectured, in
      its latter-day generality, without the clarification of the
      idea of a proof procedure that formalism affords.
      [Quine (1987) pp. 66–67]
      (emphasis mine)

─     Quotation on level 1:

            In the 1920s, thanks largely to David Hilbert,
            formalistic rigor came increasingly to be prized in some
            circles. In 1931 it proved instrumental to the
            philosophico-mathematical sensation of the age: GÖDEL'S
            THEOREM. Gödel's proof hinged on modeling the formalism
            of logic and arithmetic in arithmetic. The theorem could
            not even be conceived and conjectured, in its latter-day
            generality, without the clarification of the idea of a
            proof procedure that formalism affords.

            [Quine (1987) pp. 66–67]

      ─     Quotation on level 2:

                  In the 1920s, thanks largely to David Hilbert,
                  formalistic rigor came increasingly to be prized
                  in some circles. In 1931 it proved instrumental to
                  the philosophico-mathematical sensation of the
                  age: GÖDEL'S THEOREM. Gödel's proof hinged on
                  modeling the formalism of logic and arithmetic in
                  arithmetic. The theorem could not even be
                  conceived and conjectured, in its latter-day
                  generality, without the clarification of the idea
                  of a proof procedure that formalism affords.

                  [Quine (1987) pp. 66–67]

            ─     Quotation on level 3:

                        In the 1920s, thanks largely to David
                        Hilbert, formalistic rigor came increasingly
                        to be prized in some circles. I̲n̲ 1̲9̲3̲1̲ i̲t̲
                        p̲r̲o̲v̲e̲d̲ i̲n̲s̲t̲r̲u̲m̲e̲n̲t̲a̲l̲ t̲o̲ t̲h̲e̲
                        p̲h̲i̲l̲o̲s̲o̲p̲h̲i̲c̲o̲-̲m̲a̲t̲h̲e̲m̲a̲t̲i̲c̲a̲l̲ s̲e̲n̲s̲a̲t̲i̲o̲n̲ o̲f̲ t̲h̲e̲
                        a̲g̲e̲:̲ G̲Ö̲D̲E̲L̲'̲S̲ T̲H̲E̲O̲R̲E̲M̲.̲ Gödel's proof hinged
                        on modeling the formalism of logic and
                        arithmetic in arithmetic. The theorem could
                        not even be conceived and conjectured, in
                        its latter-day generality, without the
                        clarification of the idea of a proof
                        procedure that formalism affords.

                        [Quine (1987) pp. 66–67]
                        (emphasis mine)
