This is a no-markup-markup document, sporting the following cool
features:

(a)   labled display line at level 0
      unlabeled display lines at level 0
      more unlabeled display lines at level 0
(b)   labeled display lines at level 0

(c)   Bullet lists:

      here preceded by a text block at level 1, whose (lack of)
      linebreaks are not respected.

      (1)   preceded by labeled display lines at level 1
            preceded by unlabeled display line at level 1, whose (lack of) linebreaks are respected.

      ─     Here is one bullet item.

                  unlabled display line at level 2, whose (lack of) linebreaks are respected.

      ─     Here is another one.

            but this is interpreted as a text block at level 2,
            whose (lack of) linebreaks are not respected.

      this is interpreted as a text block at level 1, whose (lack
      of) linebreaks are not respected.

In fact, here are some more unlabled display lines:

      this one
      and this one
(d)   followed by a labeled one
      followed by an unlabeled one
(e)   labeled with name

(f)   Numbered lists with labels that are either

      (1)   automatic, or

      (*)   custom.

      Furthermore, each item can be n̲a̲m̲e̲d̲ and r̲e̲f̲e̲r̲r̲e̲d̲ t̲o̲:

      (2)   The named item can be referred to anywhere in the
            document.

      (3)   When referring to (2) above, any common initial path
            shared between the location of the referring expression
            and the location of its referent will be omitted. The
            same applies with respect to (**) below.

      (**)  Of course, items with custom labels can also be named!

Due to the feature mentioned in (f)(3), a reference to (f)(2) or
(f)(**) occurring elsewhere may appear differently.

(g)   Displayed lines of text suitable for mathematical equations,
      which are either

            unlabeled
      (1)   automatically labeled (and named),
      (+)   custom labeled (and named), or,
            unlike (1) above, unlabeled.

It can even end with

      unlabled display block
